Xiao Chen, these are the top wealthy family heads in Yunchen
Can we witness them?
Qingxue, trust me
In my opinion, you are better than them all
When do I
I need to rely on your bragging to comfort myself
Don't worry.
I will do my best to get it.
Just leave no regrets
I'm not comforting you
Today's bidding conference
You are the brightest protagonist
Yeah.
Isn't this the ignorant prostitute of the Liu family?
What do the security guards at this venue do?
Today is the invited tenders conference of Tenglong Group
Not all cats and dogs can come in
Does it have anything to do with you whether Wan Lingling comes or not?
I don't remember the invited tenders meeting
What are the restrictions on participating personnel?
Liu Qingxue, you don't pee, take a picture of yourself
Just you
You can invite tenders
Or do you want to take this opportunity
Favour the rich businesspeople
Climb into their beds and court death, right?
Xiangchen don't make trouble
I'm here to invite tenders
Please speak with respect
respect
Those present
Which one is not worth over 100 million?
Which one is not famous?
Just you will make me respect
You don't even have the qualifications to enter this door
If Qingxue is not qualified
You are even less qualified